Israeli forces have killed at least 27
people across Gaza since Dawn on Sunday
one of the latest attacks targeted a
school Sheltering displaced people west
of Gaza at least four Palestinians were
killed there on Saturday 16 people died
in a strike on a un run School in N
refugee camp and in central Gaza the
Army struck a residential building in
the AL zaa area killing six people more
than
38,1 15 Palestinians have died since the
war on Gaza began let's go to hind kri
who's in darala in central Gaza just
bring us up to date with what's been
happening
hind well we just received another dead
body of Palestinian woman as the Israeli
artillery shelling shelled in alage this
woman was killed and was transferred to
the Mar in Al AA Hospital also the isra
forces targeted the um targeted the Holy
Family School again H in the Gaza City
where it targeted it earlier today where
four Palestinians at least four
Palestinians have been killed including
uh Palestinian women and children and
tens of others have been injured
Palestinians have been seeking refuge in
schools they have been seeking refuge in
in in hospitals and that's the only
places they were able to seek Refuge uh
after they were evacuated from their
houses from uh uh their neighborhoods
were talking about Palestinians who
flood from areas just like the Northern
parts and those Palestinians were
displaced in Al Hol in the holy family
uh school they targeted again and
Palestinians were were evacuating as the
Israeli forces targeted the school but
this is not the only school that has
been targeted yesterday another uner was
school was targeted inat and at least 16
Palestinians were killed among them were
children that we saw here in Al AXA
Hospital some of them were scattered
into pieces and others were uh beheaded
and also women were among those
injuries uh and also in the past couple
of hours the Israeli forces uh have been
targeting different residential areas in
bit hanon in B lahia in raah and also in
the middle area it's very intensifying
in the Gaza Strip and this is all
despite all of the ceasefire deal and
negotiations happening in the ground
it's not reflecting anything positive to
the Palestinians because it's very
intense and escalating and you were
telling us about the fact that some of
that many of the the injured are being
taken to alaa hospital I know you're at
alaxa hospital it's one of the few
remaining medical facilities in Gaza
that's still operating just talk to us
about the kind of conditions that the
medical staff and of course the patients
themselves are having to deal
with well the situation
is undescribable inside Al Loa Hospital
behind me if we walk into the aisles of
the hospital you won't even have space
to walk because all of the Palestinians
injured and and patients are laying on
the floor there has been no beds there
no medical supplies there's no medical
medications and this happened and got
worse after the ra incursion uh a month
or more ago where all the medical
supplies that were supposed to enter the
Gaza stri did not ENT
so the Palestinian doctors here in ALA
Hospital are living with the very bare
minimum resources to save the lives of
all of these Palestinians in alaka
hospital this hospital has been
receiving a lot of injuries in the
middle area and it's working with only
one generator because there very a lack
of fuel where this Hospital needs at
least 4,000 lers every single day and we
just got an an appeal from another
hospital in the North Alan where the
doctors and and officials there are
saying that it is also running out of
fuel all of the hospitals the the the
remaining hospitals let's say in the
Gaza Strip are risk in a risk of
shutting down two to the lack of fuel as
long as they do not receive fuel from
the World Health Organization they won't
be able to serve all of these
Palestinians especially the Palestinians
in the kidney dialysis Department in the
incubators and in the ICU departments
hen cadri andala hen thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz